hi guys this is railway phoneArena and
this here is the Asus fonepad note 6
which has just been announced at F of
2013 it's a new phablet device very
high-end device which we really like it
has this very likeable designs made of
plastic of the glossy type it's very
smooth and feels convenient to the touch
it also has these dual front stereo
speakers hopefully they were will be
able to pump out some decent chills and
it has a 6 inch display with Full HD
resolution so 1080 x 1920 pixels it's a
super IPS plus display which should
theoretically provide an even better
image quality compared to some kind of a
traditional IPS screen we guess the
display colors look a bit cold to us but
you will be able to tweak this using
this planet application which allows you
to change the color temperature to your
own liking there are some custom widgets
here and custom applications and stuff
like that but for the most part asus has
kept things on the simpler side of
course the main feature of this device
or one of its key features is the style
of span the tray for the service is
right here once you take out the stylus
this thing here appears which you can
pull to the side and it automatically
creates a screenshot for you and so
you're ready to start drawing on top of
it and take notes there are some very
very neat options here you can change
your paint pen type can
the thickness of European the colors so
on and so forth so pretty nice options
here for note-taking with the asus
fonepad note 6 of course it can also
take phone calls with 3G connectivity
and it's powered by the Intel Atom z2580
processor gets clocked at 2.0 gear hurts
as a whole we find the performance to be
pretty good we also hope that the
battery life will also be pretty good as
well so these were our first impressions
of the Asus for bed load six it seems
like a pretty good phablets fairly light
and comfortable to fold in the hand so
that's it guys if you want to learn more
about this handset be sure to check us
out at phonearena.com